[Wind blowing]
[Footsteps approach]
[Walker growling]
[Rat squeaking]
[Footsteps approach]
[Growling stops]
[Geiger counter clicking]
[Walker growling]
[Breathing heavily]
[Sighs]
[Wind whistling]
[Walker growling]
[Walkers growling]
[Gun cocks]
[Fabric tearing in distance]
Man: [In distance]
Come on. Let's go. Hurry up.
[Growling continues]
[Wind whistling]
[Pounding on door]
[Walker growling]
[Growling stops]
[Breathing heavily]
[Wind whistling]
[Crying]
[Footsteps approach]
[Walker growling]
[Gunshot]
[Horse neighs]
Who the hell are you?
[Camera shutter clicks]
You the ones who've been
stripping the dead?
Let's go.
Hey, stop!
[Grunts]
[Scissors scraping,
fabric tearing]
What is this?
Where am I?
[Panting]
♪♪
[Sighs]
What the hell is going on?
Where are you taking me?
[Elevator bell dings]
[Grunts]
♪♪
Hey!
Open the gate!
Get back here!
♪♪
You're making
a big mistake!
♪♪
[Gun cocks]
Strand: Magnificent,
isn't it?
Belonged to
George Hockley,
friend to Sam Houston,
commander of the Twin Sisters.
The sword dates back
to the War of 1812.
I don't want
any trouble.
[Laughs]
♪♪
Turn around.
Slowly.
♪♪
Who the hell
are you?
My name
is Victor Strand.
♪♪
And, uh,
who might you be?
♪♪
Is this
some kind of trick?
You've been bathed,
given a meal and a drink.
What trick?
What's in this
for you?
A few questions.
That's it?
That's it.
What's your name?
Will.
What did you do before,
Will?
Before the dead
started walking,
or before someone decided
to blow it up?
Both.
I was
a senator's aide.
Something close to it.
Which senator?
Elias Vazquez.
A Democrat.
What did you do
for him, Will?
PR.
Campaign strategy.
Where did you
come from?
Will:
Originally Oklahoma.
Most recently,
we were at a settlement
that protected us
from the blast.
Who's "us"?
Me, Senator Vazquez, um,
a few other aides.
Why aren't you there
with them now?
Things went bad.
I wound up
on the outside.
And Senator Vazquez?
He didn't make it.
How long have you been
out there?
[Chuckles, scoffs]
50 days.
Give or take.
What have you seen?
Whohave you seen?
Not much.
Not many.
My scouts said you mentioned
people stripping the dead.
Stalkers.
Least,
that's what I call them.
Couple of times
I caught sight of them,
they were sneaking up
on the dead.
Why are they
doing that?
I haven't figured
that part out yet.
Who are they?
There's no faces
out there anymore.
It's just masks.
When was the last time
you were outside?
Why should I leave,
when I have
everything I need right here?
Come.
Let me show you.
[Woman singing opera]
Nice putt,
Toby.
Right this way.
Where did
all this come from?
Department stores,
homes, museums.
My rangers scoured the landscape
for anything of value.
Anything worth preserving
is here.
[Indistinct conversations]
And them?
They with you before?
We brought them in.
Just like you.
You let them stay.
If they're of value.
What does that mean?
He's the one
asking the questions.
♪♪
And over here?
Photos of every walker
my rangers encounter.
Even the ones
no longer walking.
You looking for someone
in particular?
Some of my denizens still have
loved ones out in the world.
I believe
in giving them closure.
I meant you.
Anyone you're hoping
to find?
♪♪
I have everything I need
right here.
♪♪
Everything you see,
everything we've cultivated,
came together
after the great destruction.
The world saw fire,
ash, devastation.
We were gifted
with growth,
vitality,
a new dawn.
This place was empty
when I first arrived.
Ha.
Well,
except for Howard.
[Laughs]
We looked out
on the horizon together
and watched as the world
was destroyed before our eyes.
We thought
it was the end.
But when the dust settled,
we were still standing.
As well
as this place.
The weather patterns took
the fallout away from us.
This tower is the only
inhabitable place for miles,
but I don't
have to tell youthat.
What we're doing
is nothing less
than laying the foundations
of a new civilization.
We're making history.
You did all of this
since the bombs went off?
How?
Same way
I ended up here.
My instincts.
You sound pretty sure
of yourself.
If you'd seen
your instincts bear out
the way I have,
you would, too.
Which is why I'm gonna
have to bid you adieu.
Can someone please bring
his belongings up to the roof?
He's gonna be
leaving us soon.Wait.
You're -- You're kicking me out?
Bring up his things.I'm afraid so.
I answered
all your questions.You did.
You're just not quite
what I'm looking for.
Oh, because I didn't give you
the answers you wanted?
Nothing personal,
Will.
Just an instinct.
Take care.
Good luck out there.
Will: Please.
Don't do this.
I-I-I won't make it
out there.
I'm sorry.
I'm notsorry.
If you didn't want me
to stay,
why would you give me
the tour?
I mean, why go
to all the trouble?
I had to see
if you shared my vision.
You don't.
Oh.
Fresh.
I, uh...
found this out there.
Once read,
it's --
it's meant to help people
carry heavy burdens.
[Gun cocks]
I think you're gonna need this
more than I do.
Alright, come on.
Let's go.
♪♪
Stop.
Where'd you find this?
I told you.
Out there.
Where?
I'm gonna ask you
one more time.
I found it
on one of the dead.
Don't lie.
I'm not.
I thought it might
bring me good luck.
So much for that.
Could you take me there?
To where you found it?
I don't know.
Maybe.
I'm gonna make you a deal,
Will.
Take me
to where you found this,
help me find the owner
of this necklace, and I'll --
I'll spare you the horrors
of a life out there
and let you move in
to our humble abode.
Do we have a deal?
♪♪
Good.
Get me my sword.
♪♪
[Hooves clomping]
Levels are low here.
We can
take the masks off.
You don't
have to worry
about the ones
that were killed by the blast.
It's the ones that died
from radiation are dangerous.
This isn't
my first rodeo.
Thought you said you hadn't been
out in this nightmare before.
Not thisone.
How much further?
It's about a mile
or so.
I can see why you were resistant
to coming back out here.
It ain't exactly spaghetti
and scotch.
This settlement
where you came from --
why not
try to return?
Your tower's not the only place
I'm not welcome.
Why not?
Let's just say
my exit wasn't by choice.
I've been
trying to find a way
to make it up
to those people ever since.
Success is the best revenge,
Will.
Come again?
Don't spend a moment
trying to make things right.
Focus on showing them
that they were wrong.
Why would I
want to do that?
Because that's
how you win.
If you procure a place
at the tower,
you'll see
that you don't need
to remember
anyone from your past.
History is written
by the victors.
I'm gonna ensure
that's us.
[Thunder rumbles]
Now, where exactly did you
find this medallion?
We need
to mask up!
Take cover!
Now!
The water pulls contaminates
out of the air.
Back to the tower!
No!
It's too far!
We won't make it!
What do you suggest,
then?
Follow me!
[Horse neighs]
♪♪
It should be safe enough
under here.
♪♪
What is this place?
The last 50 days?
Home.
Cozy.
Hey! Stop!
That's mine.
[Camera shutter clicks]
Yo, Vic!
[Thunder rumbles]
The handiwork of those people
you were telling me about?
Stalkers.
What are we really
doing out here?
I'm sorry?
Whoever that medallion
belongs to,
you must know them,
right?
What difference
does it make?
Just funny.
I don't quite
see the humor.
You said you had everything
you needed in your tower.
I do.
How come you're out here
looking for her?
I never told you
I was looking for a woman.
♪♪
Gentlemen, gentlemen,
I believe
that we have been lured here
under false pretenses.
I suggest
you start talking.
Where is she?
Who?
Alicia.
[Scoffs]
Answer me.
[Gunfire]Stalkers!
[Horses neigh]
[Gunfire continues]
[Grunts]
♪♪
[Groans]
They clipped my leg!
[Walkers growling]
♪♪
[Groans]
We need
to get out of here.
Not until you answer
my question.
I already did.
The truth!
Where is Alicia?
I told you,
I don't know.
[Groans]
Where's Alicia?
I don't know
who that is!
The Franklin --
that's where Teddy took her.
I was right the first time.
I don't need you.
I'll make the journey
myself.
Wait.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
She'll never forgive you
if you do this.
What makes you think
that's what I want?
Because I know who you are,
Victor. She told me.
And I think you want
to make things right with her.Nice try. But no.
Then why did you risk
all of this just to find her?
I want to show her
how wrong she was --
about everything.
That's how I win.
Wait. Wait. Wait.
[Groans]
♪♪
Will: Victor!
[Walkers growling]
♪♪
[Horse whinnies]
Ah.
♪♪
Bingo.
[Footsteps approach]
Will:
Hold it!
[Gun cocks]
How'd you find me?
There's only so many places
to hole up around here.
I know.
Now, how about you start
answering some of my questions?
Alright. [Chuckles]
Sit!
Whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa.
[Laughs]
You tried to kill me
twice today.
[Chuckles]
You left the comforts
of your humble abode.
You sacrificed every single one
of your guards,
all so
you could find Alicia
and tell her
how great you are?
I don't know.
I just don't buy it, Victor.
You knew who I was
the minute you saw me,
and yet,
you lied anyway.
You're damn right
I did.Why?
Because Alicia said
you weren't exactly trustworthy.
Ah.
So, you were biding your time.
No.
I was testing you.
For what?
To see
if you were worth saving.
Ah.
What makes you think
showing her that tower's
gonna change
her opinion of you?
That tower succeeds
because of me.
[Sighs] Okay.
My choices.
My instincts.
Succeeds?
All those people
you got living there --
you think they actually
give a damn about you?
They're just afraid
of what you might do
if they
step out of line.
You say that
like it's a bad thing.
It's not leadership.
You think you're an authority
on the subject
because you worked
for a Senator?
[Laughs]
I learned about it
from him.
I learned more about it
from her.
Alicia -- she didn't wanna be
in that bunker.
She was locked up by that psycho
who dropped the bombs on us.
She was locked up
with his followers,
and she could have become
a cynical asshole like you,
but no.
And you know why?
Because she knew
what Vazquez knew.
You cannot lead alone.
If you want people
to believe in you,
you have to
believe in them.
You think
she's so wonderful,
why aren't you there
with her?
Still got
the medallion?
Truth is, I needed this
just as much as you.
She asked me
to do something,
and I couldn't do it.
What did
she ask you to do?
It doesn't matter.
Why didn't you do it?
It would have protected
everyone there,
except for her.
It must have been pretty bad
if she cast you out.
I've been looking for a way back
every day since.
I didn't think
I'd find it.
Then I woke up
in your tower.
I thought, maybe --
maybe if I brought you
to her,
maybe that would do it.
But after
what I've seen today,
I doubt she would even
recognize you.
♪♪
No.
I don't think
she would.
♪♪
I don't know
if she told you, but...
I was the one
that gave that to her.
She did.
I knew it would
get your attention.
I gave it to her
so she could remember
who she was
because I feared
I wouldn't be able
to do the same for myself.
♪♪
Hmm.
[Sighs]
I guess we both held up
our end of the bargain.
♪♪
May I?
[Grunts]
♪♪
[Gun cocks]
That's three times now,
Victor.
What are you doing?
I thought
if I took you there,
it might have
brought us together,
but she's better off
without you.
Everyone is.
[Walkers growling]
♪♪
Will.
Get inside.
♪♪
[Breathing heavily]
What the hell
was that?
I know them.
From the bunker.
Something bad
must've happened.
♪♪
Alicia.
[Walkers growling]
That's not possible.
We were underground.
We had enough food
to last 10 years.
Air and water
was filtered.
That place was built
to outlast all of us.
Did you see her?
Was she --
No, no, no.
But I-I didn't see
all of them.
Well, then,
let's find out.
Wait, wait,
wait, wait.
You can't see more than
two feet in front of you.
But I think
I can help.
[Growling continues]
That's never gonna work.
The odds that diesel even burns
are one in a million.
That's better than we'd do
out there.
[Sputtering]
[Rumbling]
♪♪
Go!
That's it!
Follow the light!
♪♪
[Sputtering]
Shit.
♪♪
Strand: Will?
[Walkers growling]
♪♪
Come on!
Victor!
♪♪
Strand:
Get down!
♪♪
[Gunshot]
Was she...?
♪♪
I didn't see her.
We need
to get to the hotel.
Wait.
Why did you save me?
You could have just walked away,
but you stayed.
You still
care about her.
You don't run
into the fog like that
because you want to prove
a point to someone.
You do it
'cause you want to save them.
Then let's go do that.
♪♪
So, this is
the fabled Franklin?
Yeah.
What's left of it.
[Grunts]
♪♪
[Electricity buzzing]
It's a ghost town.
Whatever happened
happened a while ago.
How many people
lived here?
128.
It was me, Senator Vazquez,
a few other staff
before Teddy's scouts
found the place.
What happened to them?
Scouts killed everyone
while I was doing maintenance
in the air filter.
I stayed up
in the service corridors
until we all
got locked in here.
Hmm.
Alicia!
♪♪
This wasn't Stalkers.
Nothing was taken.
I don't think
they were attacked.
Then
what the hell happened?
This wasn't here before.
She paint it?
♪♪
Yeah.
I think she did.
♪♪
What is Padre?
It doesn't matter.
Why not?
Because it's probably
gonna get her killed.
Is it a person?
Place?
I don't know.
Nobody knows.
It might not
even exist.
"It"?
Something better.
At least
the possibility of it.
I thought maybe
if I found it first,
she wouldn't have to,
but...
[Sighs]
If anything happens
to them...
to her...
that's on me.
[Scoffs]
You don't know that.
I should have
been here.
I should have found a way
to make things up to her.
You loved her.
[Scoffs]
Doesn't matter.
[Sniffles]
It's all for nothing anyway.
It wasn't
all for nothing.
[Scoffs]
You were right.
This wasn't about
proving something to her.
It was about
proving something to myself.
What?
That I didn't
need her.
But I do.
As do you.
Maybe that's the point
of all of this.
Maybe we're
supposed to find her.
Together.
♪♪
Hmm.
Or perhaps
she'll find us.
♪♪
[Walkers growling]
[Electricity buzzing]
♪♪
[Walker growling]
How far will it reach?
15 miles, maybe.
It appears our flame
has already drawn a few moths.
She'll see it.
She'll follow it.
She'll find this place.
Alicia is the closest thing
I have left to family, Will.
You're not the only one
who loves her.
I never had the chance
to tell her,
but I-I would've.
If we found her.
And perhaps
she would have, uh,
reminded me of the man
I once tried to be.
She still can.
She can
help you be him.
I never should have
left this place.
It almost
got me killed.
I had a feeling
that it would, but I...
I didn't
trust my instincts.
I can't
let that happen again.
It could destroy
everything I've built here.
That's not true.
Hey.
You will make this place
even better.
You both will.
Together.
You said
you can't lead alone.
You're wrong.
It's the only way.
That's not true.
It is.
I've watched as others tried
to build a place like this,
and each of them
came close,
but they all fell short
for the same reason.
What?
Love.
Attachments don't
make you strong, Will.
They destroy you.
That light's
not to draw Alicia here?
No.
It's to keep her
and everyone else
as far away
as possible.
It won't work.
She'll find this place.[Chuckles]
She'll get through
to you.
Aah!
[Screaming]
No,
she won't!
She won't have anything
to do with me after this.
[Walkers growling]
You want me
to send somebody down
to get
a picture for the wall?
No one in here's
looking for him.
Someone out there
might be.
That's gonna draw
more than the dead.
Maybe even some of those people
you were with before.
People like
Morgan Jones.
I'm not worried
about him.
♪♪
Or anyone else.
Why not?
Anyone who tries
to get to me...
♪♪
...is gonna have to
get through them.
[Walkers growling]
♪♪